add more examples (#9)
leonardoalt/ethereum_formal_verification_overview: README.md

* [Yul-Semantics](https://github.com/ethereum/yul-semantics): Yul is an IR language used by the Solidity compiler
that provides several different optimizers. Yul formal semantics enables equivalence checking between nonoptimized and
optimized versions of the same program.

> * [Yul-Isabelle](https://github.com/mmalvarez/Yul-Isabelle). The semantics of the IR yul formalized in Isabelle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Yul-Isabelle](https://github.com/mmalvarez/Yul-Isabelle). The semantics of the IR Yul formalized in Isabelle.
```

    - Paper: [solc-verify: A Modular Verifier for Solidity Smart Contracts](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.04262), Á. Hajdu, D. Jovanović (2019).
    - Paper: [SMT-Friendly Formalization of the Solidity Memory Model](https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.03256), Á. Hajdu and D. Jovanović (2020).
* [VeriSol](https://github.com/microsoft/verisol): Formal specification, verification and scalable refutation of Solidity smart contracts using code contracts, Boogie and Corral. 
    - Slides: [Formal Verification of Smart Contracts and Protocols: What, Why, How - Devcon V](https://github.com/microsoft/verisol/blob/master/Docs/devcon5-verisol.pptx), Shuvendu Lahiri et al.
    - Article: [Researchers work to secure Azure Blockchain smart contracts with formal verification ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/blog/researchers-work-to-secure-azure-blockchain-smart-contracts-with-formal-verification/), Microsoft Research Blog.
    - Paper: [Formal Specification and Verification of Smart Contracts for Azure Blockchain
](https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.08829), Yuepeng Wang, Shuvendu K. Lahiri, Shuo Chen, Rong Pan, Isil Dillig, Cody Born, Immad Naseer.

> * [Certora](https://www.certora.com/)

Reviewer: Can you move this up the list so it's sorted alphabetically?

>    - Paper: [Finding Bugs Automatically in SmartContracts with Parameterized Invariants](https://www.certora.com/pubs/sbc2020.pdf), Thomas Bernardi et al (2020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Paper: [Finding Bugs Automatically in Smart Contracts with Parameterized Invariants](https://www.certora.com/pubs/sbc2020.pdf), Thomas Bernardi et al (2020)
```
